 Overhaul the people tab. The people tab should be split into two sections, ‘my friends’ and ‘find friends.’ Under my friends, a list of users you already have friended is shown. This will look a bit like the current ‘find you people’ tab, but do not show the color coding or match percentages for current friends. Bullet points show recent events in common, mutual clubs. Keep the tags that say adventurer, creative thinker, etc. Remove the button that says ‘View taste dna’ instead you click anywhere on that person's listing and it opens their full profile. Add a quick link to their instagram IF they have one linked. (add instagram links to profiles, every single generated profile should have one they can be to celebrities pages). Each friend should be able to be contacted through the app or by phone number that is a part of their profile. 

THE FIND FRIENDS TAB will have the exact same scrolling mechanism as events and clubs. Other users are ranked based on a combination formula of similar DNA, common clubs, recent common events. The events and clubs tab show a lot of relevant information about why you matched with a particular event and this tab needs to do that as well. At the bottom of each scroll there should be two buttons split left / right, one which is an instagram logo and links to their instagram IF they have one (otherwise don't show this) and the other which says “Add Friend” (where “I want to go” button is currently on the events tab for example). Information to show for each person you scroll on is, common events, common clubs, similar dna attributes. Make it look good and follow the same design philosophy as the other tabs. Put the banner image in the back and show the profile picture to the side of the text right above the button. 

Generate a series of realistic, good looking profiles with unique personality traits and randomly generated spider chart values, clubs, events, instagrams. Make sure they have complete profiles with everything filled out. 